

[保护Active Directory的最佳实践](https://docs.microsoft.com/zh-cn/windows-server/identity/ad-ds/plan/security-best-practices/best-practices-for-securing-active-directory)

[Audit Policy Recommendations](https://docs.microsoft.com/zh-cn/windows-server/identity/ad-ds/plan/security-best-practices/audit-policy-recommendations)

[Events to Monitor](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/identity/ad-ds/plan/appendix-l--events-to-monitor)

[The computer attempted to validate the credentials for an account](https://docs.microsoft.com/zh-cn/windows/security/threat-protection/auditing/event-4776)

[How to Audit Organizational Units (OUs) Changes in Active Directory](https://www.lepide.com/how-to/audit-organizational-units-changes-in-active-directory.html)


# Audit Logon

## An account was successfully logged on.

### A user logged on to this computer.
winlogbeat_event_id:4624 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:2

### A user or computer logged on to this computer from the network.
winlogbeat_event_id:4624 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:3

### A user logged on to this computer remotely using Terminal Services or Remote Desktop.
winlogbeat_event_id:4624 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:10

### A user logged on to this computer with network credentials that were stored locally on the computer. The domain controller was not contacted to verify the credentials.
winlogbeat_event_id:4624 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:11


## An account failed to log on.
winlogbeat_event_id:4625 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:2
winlogbeat_event_id:4625 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:3
winlogbeat_event_id:4625 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:10
winlogbeat_event_id:4625 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:11

## A logon was attempted using explicit credentials.
winlogbeat_event_id:4648

## SIDs were filtered.
winlogbeat_event_id:4675

## The computer attempted to validate the credentials for an account
winlogbeat_event_id:4776


# Audit Logoff

## An account was logged off.
winlogbeat_event_id:4634 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:2
winlogbeat_event_id:4634 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:3
winlogbeat_event_id:4634 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:10
winlogbeat_event_id:4634 AND winlogbeat_event_data_LogonType:11

## User initiated logoff.
winlogbeat_event_id:4647


# Audit account management

## A user account was created.
winlogbeat_event_id:4720

## A user account was enabled.
winlogbeat_event_id:4722

## An attempt was made to change/reset an account's password.
winlogbeat_event_id:(4723 OR 4724)

## A user account was disabled.
winlogbeat_event_id:4725

## A user account was deleted.
winlogbeat_event_id:4726

## A user account was changed.
winlogbeat_event_id:4738

## A user account was locked out.
winlogbeat_event_id:4740

## A user account was unlocked.
winlogbeat_event_id:4767

## The ACL was set on accounts which are members of administrators groups.
winlogbeat_event_id:4780

## The name of an account was changed:
winlogbeat_event_id:4781

## An attempt was made to set the Directory Services Restore Mode.
winlogbeat_event_id:4794

## Credential Manager credentials were backed up.
winlogbeat_event_id:5376

## Credential Manager credentials were restored from a backup.
winlogbeat_event_id:5377


# Audit Computer Account Management

## A computer account was created.
winlogbeat_event_id:4741

## A computer account was changed.
winlogbeat_event_id:4742

## A computer account was deleted.
winlogbeat_event_id:4743


# Audit Security Group Management

## A security-enabled group was created.
winlogbeat_event_id:(4727 AND 4731 AND 4754)

## A member was added to a security-enabled group.
winlogbeat_event_id:(4728 AND 4732 AND 4756)

## A member was removed from a security-enabled group.
winlogbeat_event_id:(4729 AND 4733 AND 4757)

## A security-enabled global group was deleted.
winlogbeat_event_id:(4730 AND 4734 AND 4758)


# Audit Directory Service

## A directory service object was created.
winlogbeat_event_id:5137

## A directory service object was modified.
winlogbeat_event_id:5136

## A directory service object was moved.
winlogbeat_event_id:5139

## A directory service object was deleted.
winlogbeat_event_id:5141
